hafbeit          ep=/home/hafkaldi/james/gadget/data/new/haddock wd=/home/hafkaldi/james/gadget/data/new/haddock
hafketti         ep=/home/hafkaldi/james/gadget/data/new/haddock wd=/home/hafkaldi/james/gadget/data/new/haddock
hafall           ep=/home/hafkaldi/james/gadget/data/new/haddock wd=/home/hafkaldi/james/gadget/data/new/haddock
hafatt           ep=/home/hafkaldi/james/gadget/data/new/haddock wd=/home/hafkaldi/james/gadget/data/new/haddock
hafaustur        ep=/home/hafkaldi/james/gadget/data/new/haddock wd=/home/hafkaldi/james/gadget/data/new/haddock
hafdis           ep=/home/hafkaldi/james/gadget/data/new/haddock wd=/home/hafkaldi/james/gadget/data/new/haddock
hafdjup          ep=/home/hafkaldi/james/gadget/data/new/haddock wd=/home/hafkaldi/james/gadget/data/new/haddock
hafdurtur        ep=/home/hafkaldi/james/gadget/data/new/haddock wd=/home/hafkaldi/james/gadget/data/new/haddock
hafkerling       ep=/home/hafkaldi/james/gadget/data/new/haddock wd=/home/hafkaldi/james/gadget/data/new/haddock
hafkikki         ep=/home/hafkaldi/james/gadget/data/new/haddock wd=/home/hafkaldi/james/gadget/data/new/haddock
hafleid          ep=/home/hafkaldi/james/gadget/data/new/haddock wd=/home/hafkaldi/james/gadget/data/new/haddock
hafmey           ep=/home/hafkaldi/james/gadget/data/new/haddock wd=/home/hafkaldi/james/gadget/data/new/haddock
haforn           ep=/home/hafkaldi/james/gadget/data/new/haddock wd=/home/hafkaldi/james/gadget/data/new/haddock
hafreydur        ep=/home/hafkaldi/james/gadget/data/new/haddock wd=/home/hafkaldi/james/gadget/data/new/haddock
hafreykur        ep=/home/hafkaldi/james/gadget/data/new/haddock wd=/home/hafkaldi/james/gadget/data/new/haddock
%hafrokinn        ep=/home/hafkaldi/james/gadget/data/new/haddock wd=/home/hafkaldi/james/gadget/data/new/haddock
%hafsaenir        ep=/home/hafkaldi/james/gadget/data/new/haddock wd=/home/hafkaldi/james/gadget/data/new/haddock
%hafselur         ep=/home/hafkaldi/james/gadget/data/new/haddock wd=/home/hafkaldi/james/gadget/data/new/haddock
%hafskip          ep=/home/hafkaldi/james/gadget/data/new/haddock wd=/home/hafkaldi/james/gadget/data/new/haddock
%hafspeni         ep=/home/hafkaldi/james/gadget/data/new/haddock wd=/home/hafkaldi/james/gadget/data/new/haddock
%hafurteski       ep=/home/hafkaldi/james/gadget/data/new/haddock wd=/home/hafkaldi/james/gadget/data/new/haddock
%hafvedur         ep=/home/hafkaldi/james/gadget/data/new/haddock wd=/home/hafkaldi/james/gadget/data/new/haddock
%hafvindur        ep=/home/hafkaldi/james/gadget/data/new/haddock wd=/home/hafkaldi/james/gadget/data/new/haddock
